what's up guys this is dairy cows from
dhf TNS calm and today I'm gonna show
you guys how to make my bodybuilding
chicken parmesan it's quick simple and
more than calorie friendly so let's get
to it the first thing you're gonna do is
take out one and a half pounds or 24
ounces of chicken breast trim the fat
off of them
and then cut each piece and a half this
way so for every chicken breast that you
have you should end up with two pieces
that are about this big after you slice
your chicken breast put it off to the
side and then take out two bowls one
small one and one medium size one one
thing I do want to mention really quick
if you want to prep enough for the whole
week you can easily double or even
triple this recipe now the first thing
we're gonna add into the small bowl is
two extra-large egg whites and then one
tablespoon of olive oil go ahead and
lightly mix those together
the first thing you're going to add into
the medium-sized bowl is 2/3 a cup or 60
grams of whole wheat bread crumbs
whether or not you want to use seasoned
ones is completely up to you and then 8
tablespoons or 40 grams of grated
Parmesan cheese mix both of those
together next pre-heat your oven on 450
take out a baking sheet and then coat it
with some nonstick cooking spray put
your chicken breasts onto your baking
sheet take out a pastry brush and then
brush each chicken breast with your wet
mix after you brush your chicken breast
dip it into your dry mix if there's any
dry mix left over just evenly distribute
it across the top of your chicken breast
last before the oven cook the top of
each chicken breast with some nonstick
cooking spray and then into the oven on
450 for 20 minutes after 20 minutes take
them out
flip them over and then evenly
distribute half a cup or 123 grams of
pasta sauce across the tops of them and
then 3/4 a cup or 84 grams of reduced
fat mozzarella cheese after that put
them back into the oven on 450 for
around 5 to 10 minutes or until your
cheese is melted after 10 minutes for me
it does look done so I'm just gonna take
it out and there is your bodybuilding
chicken parmesan
three quick tips one you can use
whatever type of pasta sauce you want
today I'm using a no-salt-added one but
for example sometimes I like it spicy so
use a spicy pasta sauce too you can eat
this with quinoa rice pasta beans
Laffy Taffy or whatever you prefer and
three a silicone pastry brush is a great
investment for your kitchen
this one only costs around $8 ship is
easy to clean dishwasher safe and will
last you forever I do post a link to
this one in the description below as you
guys saw the chicken parmesan is done so
now I'm just gonna try it buy it
so if Scarface was a bodybuilder that
dealt chicken parmesan instead of
cocaine this would be the best seller
all the flavors of a chicken parmesan
are they're absolutely delicious as far
as the calories go in the whole recipe
there's 1515 43 grams of fat 55 grams of
carbs and 227 grams of protein so if you
divide this up in as six servings like I
do in each serving there's going to be
around 252 calories 7 grams of fat 9
grams of carbs and 38 grams of protein
so I have a question for you guys
since this was one of my favorite meals
growing up what were some of your
favorites let me know in the comments
below alright guys I just want to thank
you for watching if you like this recipe
please go ahead and hit that thumbs up
on it motivates me to keep making these
if you haven't already subscribed and
you'd like to can do so by clicking
right there on the screen coming up by
subscribing you'll get email every week
telling you upload a new video comments
or suggestions go down below I do try
and respond to everybody thank you guys
again for watching I got some chicken
parm to finish stay healthy